README.md, before:

# TSDemo

A plugin that displays a simple donation form on a WordPress site, using Stripe for payment processing.

## Getting Started

Install the plugin on your WordPress site via the admin panel and place the requisite keywords on a page or post.

### Prerequisites

WordPress 4.9 or later.

### Installing

If you're unfamiliar with the process of installing a custom plugin, please see the [WordPress Codex](https://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Manual_Plugin_Installation) entry for assistance.

## Running the tests

A test suite will be written at a later date before public release.

## Versioning

This project follows semantic versioning. It is currently in version 1.0.0 and its first stable release will be 2.0.0.

## Authors

* **Brendan Adkins** - https://github.com/BrendanAdkins

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

## Credits

This project follows the structure of the [WordPress Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/DevinVinson/WordPress-Plugin-Boilerplate).

Commit message:

[#1] Registered shortcode, added form HTML partial file, and listed shortcode in readme.

README.md, after:

# TSDemo

A plugin that displays a simple donation form on a WordPress site, using Stripe for payment processing.

## Getting Started

Install the plugin on your WordPress site via the admin panel and place the requisite keywords on a page or post.

### Prerequisites

WordPress 4.9 or later.

### Installing

Use the WP admin dashboard and upload a zipped version of this project. If you're unfamiliar with the process of installing a custom plugin, please see the [WordPress Codex](https://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Manual_Plugin_Installation) entry for assistance.

### Using

Insert the shortcode \[tsdemo_donation_form\] into a page or post to display the donation form.

## Versioning

This project follows semantic versioning. It is currently in version 1.0.0 and its first stable release will be 2.0.0.

## Authors

* **Brendan Adkins** - https://github.com/BrendanAdkins

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

## Credits

This project follows the structure of the [WordPress Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/DevinVinson/WordPress-Plugin-Boilerplate).
